TeamCode/src/main/java/org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/README.md, before:

hi

### IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER(OR REALLY ANYONE WHO HASNT SEEN THIS ) THIS WILL SAVE YOU SO MUCH PAIN:

[The_Unintuitive_Rules_Of_Servos.md](..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2FThe_Unintuitive_Rules_Of_Servos.md)

### here are some of the most important classes in this code

[Bot](SeasonSpecific/Bot.java)
Holds all imports and objects used to import methods. Basically, when you are making a
new opmode, instead of creating a new instance of each object you need, simply create
an instance of this and

[MecanumDrive](pathing/roadrunner/drives/MecanumDrive.java)
the mecanum drive code, implements roadrunner

[TeleOpActionScheduler](OpmodeActionSceduling/TeleOpActionScheduler.java)
Adds action supports for non autonomous

[TeleOpAction](OpmodeActionSceduling/TeleOpAction.java)
Used by teleop action scheduler, hotels information

[MotorEx](com/arcrobotics/ftclib/hardware/motors/MotorEx.java)
ftc lib’s motor class, used only in mecanum drive

[PinpointLocalizer](pathing/roadrunner/localizers/PinpointLocalizer.java)
a class that roadrunnerifies the pinpoint
Headless Drive Command:
Takes mecanum drive as a constructor input, headless drive code

[ActionServo.java](hardwareClasses%2FActionServo.java)
Action compatible servo class(probably unneccesary in most cases but idk)

CRServo:
continuous rotation servo

Servo:
servo class provided by sdk

REMOVE EXTENDS SUBSYSTEM BASE

DELETE REGULAR DRIVE

Motor:
SDK Motor class
MOTOR:
Custom motor class with controller support

[RAWMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FRAWMOTOR.java)
Basic custom motor class with max power and encoder support

[UpdatableMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FUpdatableMOTOR.java)
Uses UpdatePower in a loop to continuously update power

[ACTIONMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FACTIONMOTOR.java)
a motor class with actions

[LimitedMotor.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FLimitedMotor.java)
A motor with limited position

[DistanceSensorMotor.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FDistanceSensorMotor.java)
Limited motor with distance sensor report

### USEFUL LINKS:

intro to ftc sdk:

https://ftc-docs.firstinspires.org/en/latest/ftc_sdk/overview/index.html

https://ftc-docs.firstinspires.org/en/latest/programming_resources/android_studio_java/Android-Studio-Tutorial.html

roadrunner docs:

https://rr.brott.dev/docs/v1-0

Commit message:

I finally figured out how to disable a servo

TeamCode/src/main/java/org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/README.md, after:

hi

### IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER(OR REALLY ANYONE WHO HASNT SEEN THIS ) THIS WILL SAVE YOU SO MUCH PAIN:

[The_Unintuitive_Rules_Of_Servos.md](..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2FThe_Unintuitive_Rules_Of_Servos.md)

### here are some of the most important classes in this code

[Bot](SeasonSpecific/Bot.java)
Holds all imports and objects used to import methods. Basically, when you are making a
new opmode, instead of creating a new instance of each object you need, simply create
an instance of this and

[MecanumDrive](pathing/roadrunner/drives/MecanumDrive.java)
the mecanum drive code, implements roadrunner

[TeleOpActionScheduler](OpmodeActionSceduling/TeleOpActionScheduler.java)
Adds action supports for non autonomous

[TeleOpAction](OpmodeActionSceduling/TeleOpAction.java)
Used by teleop action scheduler, hotels information

[MotorEx](com/arcrobotics/ftclib/hardware/motors/MotorEx.java)
ftc lib’s motor class, used only in mecanum drive

[PinpointLocalizer](pathing/roadrunner/localizers/PinpointLocalizer.java)
a class that roadrunnerifies the pinpoint
Headless Drive Command:
Takes mecanum drive as a constructor input, headless drive code

[ActionServo.java](hardwareClasses%2FActionServo.java)
Action compatible servo class(probably unneccesary in most cases but idk)

CRServo:
continuous rotation servo

Servo:
servo class provided by sdk
ServoImplEx:
servo class that can disable the servo

REMOVE EXTENDS SUBSYSTEM BASE

DELETE REGULAR DRIVE

Motor:
SDK Motor class
MOTOR:
Custom motor class with controller support

[RAWMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FRAWMOTOR.java)
Basic custom motor class with max power and encoder support

[UpdatableMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FUpdatableMOTOR.java)
Uses UpdatePower in a loop to continuously update power

[ACTIONMOTOR.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FACTIONMOTOR.java)
a motor class with actions

[LimitedMotor.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FLimitedMotor.java)
A motor with limited position

[DistanceSensorMotor.java](hardwareClasses%2Fmotors%2FDistanceSensorMotor.java)
Limited motor with distance sensor report

### USEFUL LINKS:

intro to ftc sdk:

https://ftc-docs.firstinspires.org/en/latest/ftc_sdk/overview/index.html

https://ftc-docs.firstinspires.org/en/latest/programming_resources/android_studio_java/Android-Studio-Tutorial.html

roadrunner docs:

https://rr.brott.dev/docs/v1-0
